this fallen tree-trunk is studded with
holes the work of wood-boring beetles
their size suggests that they're made by
much bigger insects than their
equivalent on the Galactus
the New Caledonian crow and crows are
among the most intelligent of birds once
again the sound of a grub gnawing away
in its burrow betrays its presence and
once again since this grub hunter hasn't
got the long tongue of a woodpecker a
tool is needed
to contact this grab the stick will have
to be fast in really deeply
a spectacular catch
some of these crows become so attached
to one particular tool that they carry
it about with them this log is clearly a
good source of grubs and a whole group
of crows have come here to feed their
technique is neither to stab nor to
harpoon but something or suffer to
irritate this grub has got big jaws and
if attacked it can give a powerful bite
and that's what the crows rely on
a younger bird joins an experienced
adult to see how things are done
now the pupil has a chance
it hasn't not all the details exactly
right it will be about a year before
white masses the skill